New Releases (#2361)
ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo: packages/blockchain/CHANGELOG.md

(modification: no type change headlines) and this project adheres to
[Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 6.0.1 - 2022-10-18

### Support for Geth genesis.json Genesis Format

For lots of custom chains (for e.g. devnets and testnets), you might come across a [Geth genesis.json config](https://geth.ethereum.org/docs/interface/private-network) which has both config specification for the chain as well as the genesis state specification.

`Common` now has a new constructor `Common.fromGethGenesis()` - see PRs [#2300](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/2300) and [#2319](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/2319) - which can be used in following manner to instantiate for example a VM run or a tx with a `genesis.json` based Common:

```typescript
import { Common } from '@ethereumjs/common'
// Load geth genesis json file into lets say `genesisJson` and optional `chain` and `genesisHash`
const common = Common.fromGethGenesis(genesisJson, { chain: 'customChain', genesisHash })
// If you don't have `genesisHash` while initiating common, you can later configure common (for e.g.

> // post calculating it, e.g. by using the `@ethereumjs/blockchain` package)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// calculating it afterwards by using the `@ethereumjs/blockchain` package)
```
